In the last lecture I highlighted the difference between using the selector and routing and declaring
of components.
Now let's go back to our shopping list module and finish it.
But actually it is finished.
So if we have a look at this and the running application and now we see we have an error.
Well the reason for this is dead.
We're also using energy model in our sign up and sign in components which also use forms.
So that is what I referred to earlier.
You have to make sure that the form's module which simply unlocks a couple of directives is provided
every Not just one in every module where you want to use these directives and since remove that from
the app module and only put it in the shopping list module.
We can't access it anywhere else.
Now one thing we could do is we could export it here form's module and if we do that and let the app
reload you'll see it's working again.
But that's not really what you should do.
You shouldn't export a module in a feature module so that a number of feature modules able to use it.
You should do that in each module so that well you really see which modules a module uses what have
modules here right.
Well let's fix this in a different way though by simply creating a number of feature modules for the
off section where we then can explicitly import our forms module.
You will do this in the next lecture